Description :

Thanks for taking me on as a client. It's not every day I try to learn something new, but I sure do need to! 
All these new trainers moving through, and I can hardly keep track of them, let alone all of their Pokémon!
Anyway, some background about me: I'm a move tutor. Sometimes trainers ask their Pokémon to forget a move, 
in favor of something new, but later, they decide that they want the first move back. it back. Or they want
a move that their Pokémon doesn't come into naturally. That's where I come in; I teach their Pokémon the move,
one-on-one, in place of a move that they already know. There are limits, of course. All Pokémon can learn 
Normal-type moves, but otherwise, moves and Pokémon types need to match. And I can't make them forget just any
move either! Hidden Moves? No sir—those are skills you can't unlearn. Not without seeing a Move Deleter, at any rate.
Anyway, there are so many many Pokémon, and trainers, and moves these days, that I can't keep track of them. 
I've gotta know everything I can about my clients, and their Pokémon.
Aside from the stuff I just mentioned, I want to keep a record of all the moves I teach, the Pokémon I teach them to,
and so on. I also want to make sure that I never try to teach a move that a Pokémon just can't learn. (Which does happen
from time-to-time.) It looks bad, wastes time, and just confuses the Pokémon. That, and I want to make sure that I'm changing
with the times! Just because I don't know how to teach a move doesn't mean that I should ignore it, I want to know which of my
services end up being popular, and which ones are just average. I'm thinking about shaking things up, and trying to offer new moves.
And if I'm going to do that, (for the first time in years) I'm going to need to make a schedule of what I'm currently teaching, and 
what I've taught in the past, and what I'm going to teach in the future, so that trainers can some by when the move they're after is
being offered.
Anyway, I hope that's all doable. I'm ready to make this casual tutoring side gig into a real business, and I figured that getting 
a real system in place would be the best way to start. Let me know if I need to do anything else to get you started!




Mission Statement : 

This database helps the move tutor to keep a record of what moves he could teach and had taught 
to appropriate pokemons, which could be used to indicate future trend.


Objectives :
- Have a schedule of past, current, and upcoming moves being taught.
- Keep track of any moves a pokemon has learnt.
- Know if a pokemon has a hidden move, and if so don't delete it.
- Keep track of which pokemon have been taught which moves.
- Keep a running total of times a move is taught.
- keep track of move types and pokemon types
- denote if a move is an HM (cannot be unlearned)
